---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Agata Starek
Requirements: 
Source: Anarch
---  

For a Venture ancilla, the name Agata Starek summons images of nihilistic, gleeful terror, Anarchs as a wave of destruction demolishing everything in its path. But for the neonate anarchs living under the arbitrary and cruel rules imposed by that same Ventrue, she's the very personification of revolution as revenge. Who cares if we're going to live another night? Let's tear these bastards down right now.  More ideological and principled Anarch leaders tend to despise Starke because of her practice of diablerie and lack of interest in any utopian cause. for them, she's nothing but a monster, little better than the creatures of the Camarilla. Yet their perspective might be tainted by the power they wield, because Starek does have one single principle: She always punches up, usually literally. She's famous for turning on her friends and allies in favor of a mistreated ghoul or suffering human. For all their dislike of Starek, few Anarch leaders really want to make a move against her. Deep in their unbeating hearts, they too appreciate the idea of monsters of their own, a joyous terror giving the Camarilla something to be afraid of. The less power you have, the more hope Agata Starek gives you.  

• Terrorizing the Powerful: Like Agata, you have an uncanny ability to strike terror in the hearts of licks more powerful and influential than you. Once per story, you can reroll an Intimidation test when confronted with a lick of greater means than yourself. This can mean age, resources, or Sect Status, but the final call on whether your ability applies is up to the Storyteller.  

••  Apprentice: You've met Agata Starek personally, and something in you caught her interest. Sometimes she sends you tidbits of information about the weaknesses and private vices of the powerful licks in your city, often with the aim of allowing you to taste their sweet, sweet blood. Once per story you gain the equivalent of a four-dot contact for the purpose of deducing a weakness in a stronger enemy. This could be anything from their feeding habit, their Touchstones, or the flaw in their haven's security.  

••• A Favor Owed: You've met Agata Starek once or twice, perhaps in a delicate situation involving murder and the spilling of Camarilla blood. Because of your shared history, once per story you can cash in a boon someone in your city owes her. A known appreciator of vitae, the boons owed to Starek always involve gaining access to particular types of vampiric Blood. You explain what kind of Blood you need and the Storyteller tells you who owes the boon to acquire it, limited by what's possible in the domain. For example, methuselah Blood is probably not possible, but the Blood of the Price might be.  

•••• Unlikely Allies: Starek is a figure of hope for many who no longer believe that a better world is possible. They are content to yearn for revenge, and like her, you've become to seem like someone who could make things difficult for the powerful. Because of this, once per story an oppressed servant or minion of your undead enemies will help you in a tight spot as long as they can do it without getting caught. They Storyteller can make this happen, or you can appeal to a minion with a Persuasion roll with four additional dice.   

••••• The Joy of Transgression: Agata Starek argues that diablerizing powerful Camarilla vampires is not only an Anarch responsibility, it's also one of the chief joys of the revolution. You've taken her words to heart and no longer suffer and automatic loss of a point of Humanity when diablerizing someone with more Sect status than yourself. However, the potential Humanity loss from when you roll the effects of the diablerie can apply. 