---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Anarch Revolt
Requirements:
Source: Anarch
---

You claim lineage to a vampire important to the Anarch Revolt of the 14th and 15th centuries, or perhaps you possess records chronicling the fall of tyrannical Princes, or rise of upstart Barons. You know the time and place Tyler murdered Hardestadt the Elder, and the participants in the diablerie of the Tzimisce Antediluvian. Maybe you’ve even spoken with Lugoj or Lambach, two of the Fiends present during that incident. Your knowledge of the Anarch Revolt is such that you can see the waves and eddies of time repeating itself in the society of the Damned tonight. You recognize the exact same crimes of the past repeated now, and can predict, and perhaps control, the way the young will rise up to smash the old. 

• Lore Critical Ancestor: Vampires largely of Clans Brujah, the Banu Haqim, and Lasombra led the Anarch Revolt across Europe, with power hungry Tzimisce taking part to eliminate the greatest monsters in their own clan. However, Anarchs rose from all clans, as most elders manipulated their young to disastrous ends. You can name one of your ancestors as critical to the Anarch Revolt, either as an instigator, chronicler, or opponent. Your ties to this ancestor give you credibility in discussions regarding the Revolt, and a passion for its analysis. Gain a point of Anarch status as well as the Suspect (Camarilla) flaw, or vice versa. 

•• Speak the Words: The Anarch Revolt was driven more by words and energy than flashing blades and spilling blood, at least at first. You possess the same ambition as the Anarchs of the past, and can accurately pinpoint where oppression occurs, and where revolt is necessary. When vampires listen to you, they feel more inclined to seize power from their masters. Add two dice to social tests involving the instigation of Anarch activism. 

••• Enemy of the Establishment: You consider yourself an Old Anarch, not necessarily by age, but by ethos. The new Anarch Movement has its strengths, but also many weaknesses. Your views put you in direct opposition to the Camarilla and its Victorian methods of subjugation. The Camarilla has marked you as an enemy, which only draws more listless Anarchs to your banner. You gain the equivalent of a four-dot Mawla, representing your comrades among the Anarchs, as well as a one-dot Adversary, representing someone tasked with keeping tabs on you and, if necessary, bring you down. 

•••• Icon: You have taken the name of one of the Anarch Revolt’s original participants, and act as that vampire’s successor. This would be disrespectful, if you had not performed many of the same actions as your forebears. Many Anarchs see you as the next great leader of the Revolt, whether or not that is your intent. You may have seized an historic identity for the cult status and easy access to herd, but now the sect puts increasing pressure on you to act in their interest. Gain two dots of Status, two dots in Herd and two dots in Resources for as long as you put the Anarch cause before anything else. Any misstep and they are lost until you redeem yourself. 

••••• Reignite the Revolt: The time has come. You know how the Anarch Revolt took place half a millennium ago, and know how it needs to take place tonight. You know the weakness of your city, the greatest threats, and the Camarilla positions direly in need of removal. You can threaten your enemies with the prospect of war for extortion purposes, or to prevent the Camarilla taking more liberties with the Anarchs than they have already. Once per story you can use this leverage to gain four dice in any Social conflict against a member of the Camarilla establishment. If you fail the roll you either need to make good on your threat or lose this Advantage permanently. 