---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Blacksite 24
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
The former Chanute Air Force Base lies 130 miles south of Chicago and was first established in 1917 as an Air Service training camp following the United States’ entry into World War I, being used primarily to train pilot cadets to fly over the battlefields of Europe. Following the declaration of World War II, Chanute’s importance as a technical training center and enlistee entry point increased. The first all-black fighter squadron was activated there in March 1941, the 99th Pursuit Squadron, who trained first in ground-support roles and would later go on to form the core of the other black squadrons. The Women’s Army Corps Training School was established there in early 1944 and produced class after class of WACs until the end of the war. In 1988, as part of a general reduction of forces consideration, the Base Realignment and Closure Commission recommended that Chanute be closed and redeveloped for civilian use. Certain portions of the former base have, however, not been turned over to the public. Careful inspection of the site turned up the extensive use of asbestos in many of the oldest buildings on site, as well as toxic levels of volatile organic compounds in soil and groundwater requiring extensive environmental remediation. Those areas of the former base were declared an EPA Superfund clean-up site closed to the public, cordoned off, and assiduously patrolled to keep the curious and the foolish away. Two months later, FIRSTLIGHT took possession of their new blacksite and began shipping captive Kindred into the facility via the conveniently located civilian airfield for long-term detention and processing. It’s not like blankbodies need to eat or drink or worry about mesothelioma, after all, and the isolation protocols followed by the interrogation crews generally also act to ameliorate exposure to environmental toxins. In 2015, the operation expanded from mere warehousing and interrogation when FIRSTLIGHT obtained possession of the former Octave Chanute Aerospace Museum, also on the site of the former base, and converted it to use as a medical research facility. An international team of specialists now makes its home there studying blankbody physiology to their hearts’ content once intelligence is done with them. As a Kindred resident of Chicago, you have acquired knowledge of Blacksite 24’s existence and what you do with that knowledge could have a serious impact on your own, for good or for ill. LORE

• Rumors: You know a lick who knows a lick who knows somebody that got scooped up by creepy, suspiciously well-informed and well-armed MIB-looking dudes in unmarked black vehicles on the way into the city. Once per story, you may ask the Storyteller to feed you one rumor — which may or may not be based in anything resembling reality.

•• No, Really!: You are the lick the other lick knows. Whether you’re a recent arrival in Chicago who witnessed something in your travels or part of a Kindred underground railroad who helps ferry the desperate fleeing from their situations, you know what you’ve seen. Once per story, you may ask the Storyteller for a solid piece of information about the weirdness you’ve witnessed.

••• Paranoia Strikes Deep: Maybe you were a SchreckNET administrator once. Maybe you’re a paranoid conspiracy theorist now. Maybe you’re a top-flight investigator with a million burnable alternate identities and sources all over the globe. Whatever the explanation, you know about the existence of FIRSTLIGHT and you know they’re active somewhere near, and possibly inside, Chicago. You possess Contacts (••••) whose particular expertise relates to FIRSTLIGHT or related government-sponsored vampire hunting operations and may utilize them once per story before they disappear out of reach.

•••• It’s My Job To Know This Stuff: You are part of the security apparatus of the Chicago Domain — a specialist advisor to the Prince, an agent of the Sheriff, a protector employed by one of the Primogen or another high-ranking member of a powerful clan — whose task encompasses ferreting out and neutralizing possible threats to the Kindred as a whole. Subsequently, you’ve had greater cause than most to discover the truth of certain disturbing rumors, including employing investigators of your own to sort fact from rumor. Consequently, you have managed to uncover considerable amounts of information about the government’s own vampire hunters, including the fact that they have some sort of permanent installation near Chicago. This specialist knowledge grants you Status (••) among the Kindred, who frequently come to you to benefit from it, and Influence (••) among the kine, which you use to manipulate the mortal world for the benefit of your clients.

••••• The One That Got Away: You escaped from containment at Blacksite 24. You are very likely being hunted by your former captors, who have every reason to want to retrieve you before you can go to ground or, even worse, reach others of your own kind and warn them of the horrors you’ve endured or witnessed. Fortunately for them, those horrors are not clear in your own mind, even though you have reached safety: The after-effects of Rötschreck and protracted near-torpid starvation have clouded your memories of your experiences — you can only clearly recall what you saw, or heard, with the greatest effort. Once per story, you may ask the Storyteller for one clear snippet of memory from your incarceration. You have gained immunity from FIRSTLIGHT-induced Rötschreck.