---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Blood Plague
Requirements:
Source: Anarch
---
Vampires are immune to most diseases, but some plagues make their way into the vitae and transfer from vampire to vessel with ease, while others fester and mutate, becoming something threatening only to the vampire hosts. A Blood plague, sometimes known as the Curse, swept through the undead society in the late 20th century, decimating domains and striking down vampires no matter their clan or status. Gustav Breidenstein, former Prince of Berlin and powerful elder, was one of the highest profile victims of the contagion that brought countless Damned to frenzy and forced vitae to escape from every orifice until the victim withered and died. It is said the Blood plague died out, or was cured through a great ritual sacrifice. Unfortunately, the plague may just be torpid, like so many of its victims. These infections rise again and again across the centuries. 

• Detection: The Blood plague manifests in vampires in a variety of ways, depending on the incarnation of the disease. As the curse afflicting vampires evolves, so must the experts who seek to study and eradicate it. You are one such vampire, who knows all associated symptoms of the Blood plague. You can use this lore to easily determine if someone carries infection, or more malignantly, you can sow rumors in a domain of the plague’s existence, by using facts about the disease’s course. Add two dice to any Medicine or Occult roll involving the plague. 

•• The Science of the Blood: You believe the Blood plague to be largely medical in genesis, possibly even started among mortals before it infected Kindred. Your thorough study of the Blood plague enables you to simply detect the plague’s recent paths and patterns, analyzing where an infected host may have been, who they might have been infected by, and when. Such information can be incredibly useful when attempting to quarantine all infected subjects. Add two dice to all Investigation rolls and other tests to track active victims of the plague. 

••• Trace the Torpid Victims: You see the strains of Blood plague wind through the earth. Your interest in this condition goes further than just quarantine and healing of the infected; you can follow the plague’s stench and unholy aura to its torpid victims. You already know where many of the bodies are buried. By making a Resolve + Occult roll (Difficulty 4, modified depending on the vampire population and the history of the Blood plague in the area) you can locate the body of an infected victim still in torpor. Who they are and whether they are still contagious is up to the Storyteller. 

•••• Curative Vitae: You believe any disease is curable, with the correct research, and the willingness to sacrifice. Your vitae is clean of the Blood plague, and you show no symptoms despite your proximity to many victims. You believe your Blood may hold the cure, but scientists of other clans require a lot of your vitae to test this idea. By giving enough Blood to force a Rouse Check you can add two dice to any attempt to manufacture a cure, temporary or even permanent (Storyteller’s discretion). 

••••• Vector: You have a secret. You carry the Blood plague, and can even infect others with it, but you display none of the symptoms. This dangerous lore allows you to spill your vitae in an Elysium or feed a mouthful of it to a popular vessel, and watch the terrible effects as the other Kindred succumb to the Blood plague. If you feel more altruistic, you may volunteer for thorough tests on your vitae, and how it may be applied by your sect as a weapon, or by those looking for a cure. The specific effects of your strain of plague are up to you and the Storyteller. 