---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Kindred Social Media Influencer
Requirements:
Source: Let the Streets Run Red
---
Sometimes it’s worth risking the ire of those elders who have banned social media use, especially for fledglings Embraced in recent nights. Though the Second Inquisition makes having an online presence dangerous for vampires, having a large internet following brings potential benefits: information, influence, money, and food. When the choice is between feeding on a flash mob participant or frenzying from hunger, you pick the one that isn’t a sure breach of the Masquerade. Often, a vampire can entirely avoid mentioning Kindred lifestyles on their social feeds. Maybe their Instagram account is all pictures of books artfully posed beside glasses of wine, or their Twitter timeline consists only of cat memes and dad jokes. Throughout the centuries, vampires have adopted mortal personas that give no whiff of their nighttime pursuits. Tonight’s fledglings aim to do the same, only with more likes, favorites, and followers. Kindred can display authority in all kinds of areas on social media. Some present historical analyses on You- Tube so insightful you’d swear they’d been at the events they’re describing. Exquisite Instagram accounts capture the city when most of its residents are asleep. This isn’t to suggest no one’s ever come close to breaching the Masquerade since SchreckNET came down: One scandalous (and highly anonymous) account displays cutting edge Kindred fashion, replete with the clans’ iconography. Mortal followers like and thumbs-up the posts, believing it experimental fashion or possibly a high-end LARP, while not knowing the messages the outfits send to their Kindred counterparts. Should any elders discover Kindred of their own clan are behind the account, however, it won’t be long before someone is blood hunted. LORE

• Friends Everywhere: You have a small following, mostly consisting of friends and close acquaintances. Occasionally, someone with a larger social media footprint will boost or share one of your posts, bringing you a temporary increase in visibility. Once per chapter, you can crowdsource a solution to a problem, providing you have enough time to consult your followers, allowing you to roll two dice in a Skill you don’t possess or adding two automatic successes in an area you already have familiarity.

•• Niche Following: Your knowledge in a specific area grants you a degree of online authority. Your Twitter threads occasionally go viral, and you’ve been paid to write articles for newspapers and websites thanks to your unique voice. Gain two dots of Influence in your field. Once per story, you may temporarily increase your Resources by one dot when you pen an article or do a video hangout for a small audience.

••• Internet Famous: Your follower count is in the tens of thousands across several social media platforms. Loyal fans provide a small amount of ad revenue and buy branded swag, providing you with an additional two dots in Resources. Once per story, you can arrange a small, local meetup and feed from one of the attendees, granting you one dot in Herd.

•••• Collabs and Sponsorships: Everyone who’s interested in your particular subject matter knows your name. Companies offer to work with you to create branded products and attempt to woo you with freebies they hope you’ll promote. In addition to two dots in Fame, gain Allies (••) from among your fans and declare a two-dot Contact at one of the companies you’ve promoted.

••••• Superstar: Your social media presence makes you a household name. You set trends and pull in a sizable income from products, promotions, ad revenue, and patron donations. Maintaining your presence and place in the ever-changing hierarchy requires a full-time schedule of recording, posting, promoting. While this grants you three dots in both Fame and Resources, your notoriety also puts you in a precarious position with Kindred elders. Should they (or worse, FIRSTLIGHT) discover your vampiric identity, punishment will be swift and deadly.