---
LoresheetID: 
Name: London Under London
Requirements:
Source: The Fall of London
---
The subterranean landscape underneath London’s streets could be considered an entire and separate city of its own. The tunnels of the underground rail system, bored over a century ago, worm alongside crypts and basements of much older structures, and more modern shafts dug to provide water, power, and telecommunications services to London’s residents above. In the city center, within the approximate area marked as Zone 1 on transport maps, the underground infrastructure is particularly dense. New digging work associated with the groundbreaking Crossrail project – still incomplete at the time of writing – has come within centimeters of other existing structures. These underground pathways can be used to traverse the oldest parts of the city without ever setting foot on the street. LONDON UNDER LONDON (nosferatu characters only) 

• Tube Safety: While it is not normally recommended for Kindred to use the Tube for transport or feeding purposes, your knowledge of this transport system places you at an advantage. You know the layout of each station and where all the CCTV cameras are placed. While you cannot control them, you can take care not to present your face to them, and you know the blind spots in their coverage. As a result, you may attempt a Wits + Stealth test at Difficulty 3, which, if successful, allows you to pass through or hunt in any tube station undetected. Anyone travelling with you can also benefit from your knowledge, should you choose to share it. 

•• Somewhere to Hide: Your knowledge of London’s underground infrastructure is good enough to let you hide in desperate situations. Maybe you are being pursued, or maybe you just found yourself too far from your haven too close to dawn. Whatever the reason, you can attempt a Wits + Larceny test at Difficulty 3 to find a suitable hiding place below ground that will be overlooked by anyone not in possession of similar knowledge. The location could be an old sewer pipe, a maintenance hatch, or a less-used section of the London Underground tunnel system – the Storyteller may rule on how large or small your hiding place is, and how long you may be able to safely stay there.

••• Network of Vermin: You have spent enough time below ground in London to become familiar with the multitudes of vermin and other creepy-crawlies that live there. These creatures are more readily available to do your bidding, and more willing to defend you from intruders. Your chances of finding useful creatures in any scene situated underground are increased, and you may add 1 die to your pool when using any Animalism powers that concern the interaction with other bestial creatures below the surface of London, including Bond Famulus, Feral Whispers, Unliving Hive, and Animal Dominion. 

•••• Personal Bolt-Hole: In addition to your regular haven aboveground, you maintain a secret underground hideout that you can retreat to where no other Kindred can find you, and where you can store valuable items that you dare not leave anywhere else. You do not use it frequently, as to do so would risk its discovery, but here you are safe from traditional means of discovery (and the harmful rays of the sun). Note that this entirely mundane location will not conceal you from those that would use supernatural means to track you – e.g. Auspex or Blood Sorcery. 

••••• Freedom of the City: Your knowledge of the subterranean landscape of London is enough to let you travel and access important locations without ever needing to step above ground. Once per story you may transit between two surface locations using underground routes in a manner that would not be detected by anyone watching at ground level. This could mean accessing a private or public building illicitly – e.g. a bank vault, a secure office, or another Kindred’s Haven – but this would not protect you from any security measures you might encounter inside the building.