---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Nathaniel Bordruff
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
Nathaniel Bordruff is an elder of the Chicago Nosferatu warren, one of the late Prince Lodin’s personal minions. Lodin’s fall opened a vista of opportunity before Nathaniel to seize the rulership of the city, a goal he pursued with a will for reasons that most other Kindred failed to fully appreciate but which he ultimately failed to achieve thanks, in part, to the refusal of his own clan’s elder to support his bid for greater power. Furious and embittered, Nathaniel broods upon this injustice, among many others, and has gone increasingly further and further off the Kindred reservation in his ultimate goals in the years since. Nathaniel Bordruff is a vampire who loathes all other vampires and most other humans with his entire heart and soul. He would like nothing more, now that a Second Inquisition rages, to expose the entire corrupt Kindred edifice to the cleansing light of day like the crusading monster hunter he once was. His all-devouring egotism allows him to believe he will be celebrated for this act and not another pile of ash with a rather greater constituent element of treachery to it once all is said and done. He has begun seeking allies to assist him in his mad endeavors and this may yet be the key to his undoing. LORE

• Recruit: Something about you — maybe it’s your jaundiced attitude, maybe it’s your angry heart, maybe it’s the way you complained bitterly once not about vampire society but about the vampiric condition itself — has attracted Bordruff’s attention. Whether or not you’re Nosferatu, he has extended his hand in friendship to you, in the form of Mawla (••) but requires you accept a one-step Blood Bond with him.

•• Collaborator: For whatever reasons, you have chosen to accept Bordruff’s friendship or patronage. At first, this seems like a perfectly reasonable quid pro quo arrangement in which you do one another small but meaningful favors, but gradually the relationship grows deeper than that and you begin to suspect he wants more out of you than the occasional bag carrying or act of minor social sabotage. As a result, you have developed Resources (•) and Status (•) and a reputation as ambitious and hardworking, but with a certain stench clinging to you from your associations.

••• Accomplice: Bordruff has begun offering you greater favors in return for greater risks or actions taken upon his behalf. You have begun to realize, either because he has begun sharing more insight into his greater goals or through investigation or intuition of your own that there is some cause here whose dimensions you are only now beginning to comprehend. Your patron’s largesse has granted you access to Haven: Secured Room (•) in a parishioner’s basement, Contacts: CoC Consistory (••), and a growing knowledge of the inequities of Kindred society.

•••• Conspirator: You know it all know — Bordruff, satisfied of your loyalty, has brought you fully into his confidence, exposed to you the full scope of his vision, and asked you to join in his conspiracy to bring down Kindred society from within as a partner and fellow visionary who will cleanse the world of the stain of vampirism. He has granted you access to his principal human minions, the pastor of the Church of Christ and the consistory, all of whom are his ghouls and in whom he has instilled a virulent hatred of the undead. This constitutes Allies (••••) who regard you as a potential savior of humanity.

••••• Betrayer: What course will you choose: to betray the Kindred as a whole and seek some means of bringing the world where you now exist wholly to destruction? Or will you betray the one who chose to trust you to the Prince and the justice of the damned? Choose wisely. Either way you stand to gain (Status and potentially Mawla with the Prince) and lose.