---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Operation Antigen
Requirements:
Source: The Fall of London
---
Operation Antigen is the name of the coalition of police, military, and intelligence assets that purged the city of London of organized vampire influence. Antigen is still active tonight, in a second phase dedicated to ensuring that supernatural criminal influence does not return. The success of the operation has led to similar anti-vampire initiatives being sponsored in other cities in the United Kingdom and abroad. You carefully cultivated allies and contacts that give you some insight into Operation Antigen and its ongoing efforts in London, and to similar activities elsewhere. You may also be able to exert some limited influence over its night-to-night affairs, to better protect yourself and the ones you love, or to set them upon your enemies and rivals. These interactions do not come without risk, however, as no Kindred can be considered truly safe from Antigen’s reach. 

• Early Warning: You have a trusted insider who has made you a simple promise: if Antigen ever identifies you, or plans your capture, they will give you advanced warning. This is a one-time thing: they won’t stop or delay the agents, but they will do you the courtesy of letting you know that they are coming. 

•• Tactical Dossier: You have acquired (or been leaked) a dossier which discusses typical Antigen operating procedures, covering surveillance protocols, how to plan raids, and tactical advice for engaging with IC0s. During a scene which involves Operation Antigen, you can use the contents of this dossier to predict and outwit their behavior. If the outcome of the scene results in Antigen being aware that they have been outmaneuvered (e.g. their agents are killed, or their mission objectives are thwarted), then they will change their operating methods and the dossier will become useless. 

••• Sympathetic Insider: You have a relationship with someone placed high up on Antigen’s apparatus who knows a great deal about current operational activities and targets. This person has their own reasons for sharing information outside the chain of command – perhaps they do not agree with Antigen’s methods, or they are more curious about the supernatural? Regardless of their motives, they are also cautious and paranoid about being caught leaking information by their peers. Using suitably clandestine methods, you may reach out to this four-dot Contact once per story to ask them questions about Antigen’s current activities. 

•••• Get Out of Jail Free: You have leverage over someone in the upper echelons of Operation Antigen. They do not know it yet, and what you have can only be used once – as soon as the organization knows this person is compromised, they will be cycled out and their clearance revoked. Whoever it is in the government, police or military, you can contact them and successfully blackmail them into performing one service for you once. This is a card that can be played in the event you are (or someone you know is) captured by Antigen forces, but it could also potentially be used to deflect resources or delete sensitive information. Once your leverage is used, not only will it become valueless, but your use of it will place you on Antigen’s watch list. 

••••• Official Credentials: You have managed to obtain or manufacture false credentials that will give you temporary access to Antigen resources. You can use this identity to briefly take command of Antigen personnel at a location under surveillance, or at the scene of a raid. You can also use this identity to take custody of prisoners or evidence, or to infiltrate a location currently under Antigen control. How long your cover lasts depends on how well you can blend in, and how long it takes before people start to ask awkward questions. Once used, however, the cover is blown and it cannot be used again.