---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Oskar Anasov
Requirements:
Source: The Fall of London
---
Oskar Anasov is one of the most influential vampires active in London tonight. He is responsible for the analog communication systems which connect London’s Kindred Landlords, and he is a staunch believer and enforcer of the Compact. He can also arrange passage into or out of the city safely. Embraced by the Nosferatu Boronisk in Prussia in the mid-19th century, Oskar was once a political revolutionary, with a hand in the upheavals that occurred in France, Italy, Germany, and Hungary. After the Russian Revolution, and subsequent purges, he traveled with many political exiles to London. Oskar joined with the Anarchs of London and instigated unrest against the Ventrue rule. He was caught painting Anarch graffiti on the walls of Elysium and was hauled before then-Seneschal Anne Bowesley. He had a choice to serve her or to be executed. For many years, he remained a loyal, if grudging, servant to the Court of London. When Anne succeeded Mithras as the Prince of London, Oskar became her Herald, issuing decrees across the domain of Avalon on her behalf. Oskar was clever enough to survive the Fall of London, and was instrumental in devising the Compact. In addition to maintaining the network of carrier pigeons used to send messages between London’s Landlords, Oskar also devotes considerable time to studying and monitoring Operation Antigen. Anasov’s services aren’t usually free, and each time you call upon him he will require payment for his efforts. He typically prefers to receive information and favors over hard currency – in each case the specifics of each payment are left to the Storyteller’s discretion  

• Messaging Service: You are acquainted with Anasov well enough to use his messaging network, which is a reliable method for contacting other Kindred in London, without risk of the communication being intercepted by Operation Antigen. Anasov promises successful delivery, regardless of how elusive the recipient might otherwise be. 

•• Personal Introduction: For a higher fee Anasov can also arrange for a face-to-face meeting with any other Kindred resident in London. Once per story you can name any Kindred known to be in London – regardless of whether they hold domain or are just passing through – and the Nosferatu will arrange the meeting after receiving payment. Anasov facilitates the introduction, but cannot vouch this Kindred’s behavior or reaction to meeting you. If a meeting turns violent, or otherwise ends badly for the Kindred you named, then Anasov will refuse all your future requests, for the sake of his own reputation.

••• Safe Passage: Anasov has the means to smuggle mortals and Kindred in and out of the city of London without fear of detection by other vampires, or the agents of Operation Antigen. Once each story you may call upon the Nosferatu to perform this service for a group of up to six individuals. If entering the city, they will be delivered safely and securely to an address of your choice. If leaving the city, then you may name a destination outside of London’s borders. Typically, Anasov will arrange a pickup or drop off in a town or city in the southeast of the UK. Arranging international transit is possible for a higher fee, but Anasov will not vouch for the party’s reception or safety after they have been delivered to the requested destination. 

•••• Mentor: You are personally acquainted with Anasov, and your interactions with him are more than just business. You may count him as a fourdot Mawla, and you receive a significant discount when paying to utilize his services. However, this also means that he may call on you at least once per story to help him with message delivery, people smuggling or another similar activity which furthers his interests. 

••••• Landlord Council: Meetings of vampires from neighboring domains occur from time to time to settle debts, resolve disputes, and to recognize new Landlords. Larger gatherings of all of London’s domain holders are rare, and usually mark the need to discuss a great threat or opportunity that might affect them all. Through Anasov, you will be notified and invited to any meeting of Landlords that takes place in London. Once per story, if you have a suitable justification, you may also ask Anasov to use his influence to call the Kindred Landlords of London to a meeting. Note that these Kindred are paranoid, fickle, and prideful, and will mark you as a fool or as an enemy if they should decide that you are wasting their time.