---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Pure Ventrue Lineage
Requirements:
Source: Camarilla
---
More than any other clan, the Ventrue obsess over lineage, reciting their ancestry many generations back. Some claim their ancestors convey abilities to the descendants, while others state reputation is power enough. The Ventrue understand the importance of history and purity of vitae. When they speak, others listen. It is one thing to know your ancestry, it is quite another to speak it proudly in a court of peers or as a challenge to your enemies. At important occasions, whether a public function or the hours before going into battle, Ventrue expect each other to not only list the names of their ancestors, but to recite their deeds, accomplishments, failures, and — in some cases — dramatic deaths, to honor the past, lift the spirit, and best impress the audience, whether a rabble of Brujah or a jaded Prince. 

• Sire of Renown: Your sire is a Ventrue notable for their nobility and adherence to clan values. To an extent, you can lean on your sire’s name to curry favor with other Kindred mainly of Clan Ventrue. This lore enables you to gain one die in appropriate Social checks where naming your sire could have impact. If the sire still exists, they may come to resent you using them as a line of credit. A 

•• Lineage of Title: You come from a line of Princes, Primogen, or possibly Barons. If you ever attempt to acquire title in a domain, Ventrue — even those you’ve never met — will automatically support your claim, unless they have sufficient reason to oppose you. 

••• Recitation: You can name your ancestors all the way to a methuselah of the Fourth Generation, impressing all Kindred within listening distance. Each Kindred of your line has a tale, and you know at least a shortened version of every single one. Reciting the whole thing (something that takes a good 30 minutes or more) gives you a one die bonus to all Social-based tests against other Kindred for the rest of the scene. This can be used once per story. 

•••• Legendary Lineage (choose one): the line of alexander : A patron of the arts, passions, and beauty, Alexander of Paris appeared to many as more a Toreador than a Ventrue. Kindred who name their ancestor as Alexander of Paris gain two bonus dice on all Persuasion and Performance rolls made in a crowd of people, as Alexander’s line love an audience. If someone interrupts your oration, you must make a fury frenzy check at Difficulty 3. the line of an tonius : Antonius was a strategic thinker, obsessive planner, and master architect of Clan Ventrue until his apparent destruction. If you descend from Antonius, you gain two bonus dice on all Academics and Leadership rolls made when planning the defense or building of a domain. If someone disrupts you while making a long-term plan of this nature, you must make a fury frenzy check at Difficulty 3. the line of mithras : Mithras exemplifies pride and power. Kindred of his cult claim he was impervious to flame, and somehow this fortitude ripples through to his descendants’ willpower. Your Difficulty to resist fear frenzy from exposure to fire is reduced by two. You suffer a two dice penalty when attempting to withstand Dominate attempts by older vampires also of Mithras’ line. 

••••• Name the Antediluvian: The Ventrue Antediluvian went by many names, and each methuselah of his clan knows the ancient entity by a different epithet. You know one of these names or titles, and once per chronicle can announce yourself as the descendant of this creature to force all Ventrue in the vicinity to stop what they’re doing, fall silent, and sometimes drop to their knees. The name vanishes from the minds of all who hear it, but they will stop anything — even combat — to hear you speak.