---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Relics of the Veil
Requirements:
Source: Trails of Ash and Bone
---
When mortals speak of haunted rooms, of places where temperature drops and whispers tickle the senses, they are often unknowingly in the presence of a powerful fetter or relic connected closely to the realms of the dead. In the hands of mortals or Kindred without the proper understanding, relics connecting those in the world of the living to those beyond the veil provide nothing more than a feeling of unease, but in the right hands they can be powerful talismans assisting those who deal in the power of Oblivion. Strange objects, some found in passing, some passed down through families and bloodlines over centuries, each one is connected somehow to the world beyond the veil, and brings with them the attentions of wraiths and other entities. LORE

• Torn Shroud: This small fragment of torn material resembles a frail, semi-translucent shroud. It’s cold to the touch, and the fibrous, fleshy nature of the material gives it a feeling of almost biological consistency. The Shroud was of great importance to something once, and echoes of its old purpose remain. While holding the shroud, you gain one dice to your pools to use any Oblivion Discipline. The Shroud is delicate, and with too much use simply dissolves to nothing.

•• Burning Effigy: The origin of this odd little doll is unknown. You came across it by chance, and although it’s made of nothing more than a jumble of sticks and colored string, something about it makes you think it looks a little like you. Once, you can ignite the doll and burn it to ashes. Upon waking next dusk, you heal up to two extra levels of Aggravated Health damage. Somewhere, possibly even a great distance away, this pain is felt by something else.

••• The Gaunt Robe: The plain gray robe has existed in your family for generations. Its origin is unclear, and the thing is hardly worth holding onto. It’s threadbare and falling apart, and needs careful care to keep together for much longer. When the robe is around your shoulders, it’s oddly comforting, like being held closely. While wearing the robe, you can spend one Willpower point to gain two automatic successes in any roll to resist the abilities of wraiths. The robe is delicate, and must be taken care of to avoid being damaged beyond use.

•••• The Nails of Dismus: Three of these 8 inch long, gnarled lengths of unidentifiable metal are known to exist, usually on display in a cathedral of the old world. Somehow you possess one of these coveted and cruel looking relics. They function as a light piercing weapon with a +2 damage value and can incapacitate a vampire as if it were made of wood. Any Kindred staked with the Nail of Dismus suffers a level of Aggravated Willpower damage at dawn every night they remain staked, as the nail drives their waking moments into constant visions of suffering and horror. The Nails of Dismus are known to be linked to an ancient and deeply hateful wraith.

••••• Codex Caecitus: Bound in white flesh from a pig fed on human remains, this massive book is held shut with a locking brass latch. Page after page of the heavy tome is filled with maddened scrawling, nightmarish biological sketching, and blocks of seemingly incomprehensible text in an unknown cipher. Allegedly penned by a blind monk under the service of Cappadocius, the codex has been passed between monks and scholars for centuries, each of them seeking meaning in the yellow and cracking pages. Once per story the current owner can, after long hours of meditation over the book, decipher one of the hundreds of coded passages. The revelations contained therein could be any number of powerful secrets surrounding the realm of the dead, including the names of significant wraiths, the fetter of a particular wraith, or the knowledge of any chosen Oblivion ritual. If the codex is in the hands of a non-Hecata, the Necromancers aggressively seek to reclaim what they believe is rightfully theirs.