---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Ruins of Carthage
Requirements:
Source: Anarch
---
You are a vampire who traces their line back to the height of Carthage, or an attempt to rebuild the great empire that opposed Ventrue and Malkavian-controlled Rome. Likely of Clan Brujah or the Banu Haqim, you were taught the words of your ancestors, carry the fire of hatred for tyranny, and crave the nights when you can establish a domain where mortals and vampires alike can relax the need for the Masquerade. Knowledge of the principles of vampiric Carthage is both enlightening and damning, for once a vampire tastes the freedom of this fallen empire, they struggle within the Camarilla’s strictures. Licks who obsess over the Ruins of Carthage often get caught in webs of intrigue, paying for their curiosity with the formation of inescapable pacts.   

• Clan Historian: You have studied the path of Clans Brujah, Lasombra, and the Children of Haqim from pre-Carthage nights through to the formation of the Camarilla. You know their rises and their falls, their constant battles with the Ventrue, Malkavians, and Toreador, and can recite names and dates with ease. This lore impresses other Kindred historians and rebels looking for a cause, giving you a bonus die on social tests where you can put this knowledge to use. 

•• Punic Pride: To this night, Brujah still look back on Carthage as the ultimate symbol of rebellion. They believe Carthage was the most successful domain to successfully resist Ventrue-controlled Rome, until its calamitous end. You take great pride in your Carthaginian ancestry, whether through mortal links, or immortal bloodline. When invoking this ancestry, you speak with increased confidence and draw the attentions of fellow rebels. Gain two dice in Leadership-based tests to lead others against perceived oppression. 

••• Death to Tyrants: If Carthage taught the Brujah and Children of Haqim anything, it’s that it’s always worth fighting until the end. Never since – even when considering the Anarch Revolt – have the pillars of the establishment been so shaken. You harness the strength of the vampires who fell fighting Rome whenever taking the fight to a figure in power. Gain a bonus dice to all contests against someone who can claim authority over you. 

•••• Moloch’s Will: At its height, vampiric Carthage was led by the Brujah Antediluvian and her consort, a methuselah known as Moloch. This pair indulged in thousands of human sacrifices, bathing in the blood of the young, hosting orgies of primal decadence, and yet somehow never succumbing to the Beast. You have inverted your own Beast, finding that by performing gross actions and inhumane rituals, you are able to feed it, and never lose control. Your mastery over the monster inside somehow grants you a hellish charm that you can use to lure young vampires and innocent mortals into service. 

•••• Troile’s Wish: Many Brujah claim the damning tales of Carthage are simply Ventrue propaganda spread from Rome, and extant to this night. Brujah and Banu Haqim scholars alike claim Troile was a benevolent ruler, treating both Kindred and kine fairly, and ensuring every soul in the empire remained fed, educated, and loved. You believe in this credo, and exude a reassurance that convinces others to trust you, supplicate before you, and help you in whatever schemes you have to mind. You gain a two bonus dice to all social tests involving vampiric servants, yours and others, whether they are retainers or just part of a herd. 

••••• Carthage Anew: You are an advocate of Carthage anew. Plans have been set in motion and you already have an Anarch city selected where the Masquerade will soon fall without being targeted by mortal agencies. (The deals and pacts you had to make for this to happen are left to you and the Storyteller.) Up until that time, you are able to break the Masquerade and get away with it in that city once per story, no matter the severity of the breach. 