---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Sheriff Damien
Requirements:
Source: The Chicago Folios
---
Damien never wanted to be Sheriff of Chicago, but now that he’s accepted the position he takes it damned seriously. The Brujah was at his most content onstage as the lead singer of the punk band Baby Chorus. The War of Chicago tore that away from him, shattering his found family, sending the surviving band members on a long hiatus, and leaving him adrift. Damien’s lack of allegiance to the likes of Annabelle, Ballard, and DuSable drew Prince Jackson to him. Who better to serve as Sheriff than someone who knew the city and its power players, but was beholden to none of them? Before he assumed the mantle, Damien traveled the United States on an unofficial solo tour, playing Baby Chorus’ music and his own in cities across the country. Doing so, he’s made contacts from coast to coast in both Camarilla- and Anarch-controlled cities. Tonight, Damien’s loyalties lie with Prince Jackson and the recently reunited Baby Chorus. He keeps dossiers on Chicago’s Kindred, and sends his Hounds after those who threaten the Prince’s agenda. In addition to those enforcers he inherited when he took the job, Damien continues to build up the Hound roster with fierce fighters, should the Lasombra prove a problem or his former Anarch associates make a move. Damien is canny and self-reliant. He carved out a living for himself as a teenager and cobbled a family together out of those he trusted. He did the same after his Embrace, running with the Nihilists. Tonight, he fiercely protects the people he’s closest to. He’s lost enough family over the years. Now that he’s Sheriff, he intends to use that power to keep the ones who remain safe. LORE

• Fan Club: You’ve been a Baby Chorus fan for decades. You’ve collected their albums and have boxes full of bootlegged tapes and CDs from their shows. Damien recognizes you as a frequent face in the front row, and other fans see you as an authority on the band, giving you two dots of Influence among other Baby Chorus devotees.

•• Patroller: Damien frequently taps you for patrol duty, sending you out among Chicago’s feeding grounds to keep an eye on Kindred activity. Your reports are clear and concise, alerting the Sheriff to potential trouble well before it lands on his — or worse, Prince Jackson’s — plate. Once per story, add three dice to an Insight, Intimidation, or Streetwise roll. While this position grants you some authority, others consider you a snitch.

••• Guest Artist: Though its current roster is fairly solid, Damien spent several years trying to resurrect Baby Chorus without Kathy Glens and the other surviving members. You played with the band in one or several of those interim incarnations, and Damien occasionally invites you to open for them, or play a set. Once per story, you may use Damien as a three-dot Contact in the entertainment world.

•••• Postcards From the Road: You’ve made a deep connection with Damien. Perhaps you’ve bonded over music, or had his back in a particularly ugly brawl. You have his respect, and Damien acts as your four-dot Mawla. Once per story, you may also ask him to put you in touch with one of his varying contacts around the country.

••••• Loyal Hound: Prince Jackson handed Damien a crew full of wannabe diplomat Hounds, but the Sheriff wants fighters and you’ve got a reputation for solving problems with your fists. Gain Contacts: Sheriff Damien (••••), Status: Camarilla (••). You may act with the Sheriff’s authority on Kindred matters, and must respond when Damien requires your assistance.