---
LoresheetID: 
Name: Society of St. Leopold
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
Chicago is a city of faith as much as high finance and haute couture; the Roman Catholic Archdiocese centered on the Holy Name Cathedral serves a flock of more than two million — most of whom are alive, some of whom are not. Scattered among the ecclesiastical ranks, hidden among the priests and nuns, the vicars and deacons, the missionaries in training and the lay brethren, is one of the oldest threats known to the Kindred: the righteous and implacable vampire hunters of the Society of St. Leopold. Named for their spiritual founder and inspiration, the Dominican friar Leopold von Murnau, the Society has existed in one form or another since the formation of the Holy Inquisition Contra Diabolus enim et alii Daemones in the 13th century CE, the very earliest of the mortal forces to turn their hands to the pursuit and destruction of the Kindred and all their works. The organization has changed shape considerably over the centuries as its fortunes have risen and fallen in the regard of cardinals and pontiffs, at some points regarded as an invaluable tool in the battle for men’s souls, in others as an embarrassing relic of the past, best left to molder forgotten in the darkest corner of the Vatican archives available. Never, however, has their mission changed nor has it entirely ceased attracting the service of those in the Church who have looked more deeply into the darkness than most and found horrors gazing back at them, even if their numbers slowly dwindled nearly to extinction over the years. The Society of St. Leopold is no longer fading away. Since 2008, and the development of the joint program to ferret out and destroy the undead — referred to as “blankbodies” by the sort of individuals who can accept the existence of paranormal entities abroad in the world but can’t bring themselves to speak the word “vampire” aloud — the Society’s membership has swelled from a few dozen to several thousand members worldwide. Their extant mass of accumulated knowledge of the undead, collected and guarded and disseminated down the centuries, has formed the basis of much of the modern research into Kindred physiology and capabilities currently underway in blacksites the world over, now aided by science as well as faith. The organization’s members now primarily function as specialist knowledge resource officers and field investigation agents for joint SOCOM/ ESOG task force operations, the “first boots on the ground” when FIRSTLIGHT’s Analysis Division indicates the need for more information from a suspected nest of “anomalies.” As a Kindred resident of Chicago, you possess some knowledge of the Society of St. Leopold, how it is organized, and how it functions — or, at the very least, how it did prior to the last decade — and may have some idea how or capacity to ferret out more current information.

• Postulant: Your relationship with your former (or current?) Church is that you once seriously considered taking Holy Orders. During the process of consideration, you dove deep into the history of the archdiocese and its constituent organizations, which may or may not have already included an office associated with the Society of St. Leopold. Once per story, you may ask the Storyteller for a piece of known information about the Society.

•• Novice: Your interest in entering into a profession of faith went deeper than most: you were on the verge of entering into your novitiate when that life was permanently torn away from you. Whether you resent this or have accepted it, you retain a considerable amount of interest in and potential contact with members of the local church. These Contacts (equivalent of

••) would naturally include your confessor, the members of the order you were seeking to enter who oversaw your training, fellow novices, or members of the local congregational volunteer groups.

••• Brother or Sister: Before your Embrace you were a member of the Church, sworn and consecrated to a religious community of contemplative, monastic, or apostolic character. Your current state of existence no longer allows you to pursue your vocation but you nonetheless retain the knowledge you acquired during the period of your existence when you actively served the Church. You possess detailed knowledge of the local diocese, including its members and properties, when groups meet and where, and which are affiliates of the Society, allowing you two extra dice on all Academics and Occult rolls relating to the religious district of your expertise. You may use this knowledge once per story to find a safe place to hide among the various properties belonging to the Church (equivalent of Haven

•).

•••• Father or Mother: You were a fully professed and ordained priest or the senior canoness overseeing a community of nuns prior to your Embrace. While you are separated now from your former profession of faith, you nonetheless still possess many of the advantages you gained while in service. You know exactly who the members of the Society of St. Leopold are in the city and where they meet, generally how often, have some idea which secular forces they are affiliated with, and have developed some strategies on how to avoid or misdirect them, amounting to Influence (•••) with the diocese when it comes to dealing with the Society. Additionally, you still possess access to church properties that can act as a permanent Haven (••) where no vampire hunter will generally think to look for you. This loresheet comes with the Infamy Flaw (•), as while the local diocese might trust you, the grander Society does not. They know what you were and know you stepped back from that life. They just don’t yet know why.

••••• Inquisitor: You are a former, fallen member of the Society of St. Leopold or one of its constituent organizations (the Condotierri, the Gladius Dei, the Office of the Censor, or the Order of St. Joan). You may have chosen to accept the Embrace for treacherous reasons of your own or you may have been Embraced and bound for some purpose of your sire’s, but in any case, you possess deep personal knowledge of the Society and its inner workings, how it functioned historically and how it may be functioning in concert with the Entity Special Operations Group. Once per story, you may ask the Storyteller for one piece of true and accurate information about the Society and its current activities. If you are a traitor, congratulations! Your treachery may yet bear fruit. If you are in bondage against your will, congratulations! Your vengeance may well be nigh. 