---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Painted Lady
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
Any number of upscale tattoo parlors, piercing studios, and BDSM dungeons exist in Chicago, but only one can claim to be completely exclusive. Edith Beaubien’s by-invitation-only salon is something of a legend among ink collectors, body modification enthusiasts, and those seeking an edge to their sexual kinks. Invitations to events hosted at The Painted Lady are coveted by certain elements among the city’s Kindred, but the truest indication that one has “arrived” upon the Chicago scene is the receipt of a slim, metal membership card and a tattoo or piercing bearing the distinctive Painted Lady style. While many strive to collect ink from Beaubien herself, only longstanding VIPs may boast of that honor. It is even rumored some of the most prominent Kindred in the world have been passed over for membership in favor of random Thin-Bloods, Caitiff, and Anarchs with seemingly nothing at all to recommend them. LORE

• Plus One: By a stroke of luck, your companion (or snack) of an evening secured an invitation and asked you to be their “plus one.” You could only observe, not participate, but being there alone automatically raised your social capital amongst the city’s Kindred. You gain two dice to Persuasion and Status (••) in any encounter with a fan or regular of the Painted Lady who sees you during the week following their visit.

•• Engraved Invitation: In your hand rests a glossy, ruby-red business card. On one side is engraved, in white, scrolling letters, “The Painted Lady, Chicago, est. 1907.” The reverse is stamped with a date and a time in silver ink. Below, someone has hand-printed, “You are invited to come and play.” At this level, you receive Influence: Painted Lady Enthusiasts (••), and you may participate in BDSM scenes, feeding upon any mortal willing to engage in blood play.

••• Schedule an Appointment: The slim, matte metal card looks nearly identical to the black business cards you received when you first came to The Painted Lady, only the name of the establishment is etched in silver on the front, and on the reverse is engraved, “Member” along with a day of the week. This card entitles you to attend one party per week as well as to schedule an appointment to receive a standard tattoo or piercing. Due to your elevated status, you attract the particular notice and regard of one regular patron, playmate, tattoo artist, or piercing technician equal to Retainers (••) and if you receive a piercing or tattoo, your Status among domain counter-culturalists improves by one dot.

•••• VIP: Your card is now the color of silver mist and the back is simply stamped “VIP.” You may attend the salon on whatever night or nights you prefer, and you may access more…enticing scenes. A considerable amount of pain and blood is involved, but the mortal and Kindred celebrants engage in these semi-tortures enthusiastically. Accept the invitation to join the action or coolly observe; the choice is yours. At this level, your character has access to a Herd: Painted Lady Enthusiasts (•••) and gains Contacts: BDSM Community (••).

••••• A Beaubien Original: Tattoos, piercings, and body modifications from The Painted Lady’s staff are remarkable, but to receive a commissioned piece executed by Edith Beaubien herself is a rare and unforgettable experience. The Nosferatu works in the Japanese tebori style, and something in her hand-crafted pigments makes it feel as if drops of the sun itself are being slowly deposited into your skin. The pain is worth it for a tattoo that never disappears upon waking and the satisfaction of telling other Kindred precisely who inked you. A Beaubien original allows you to add two dice to all Streetwise rolls, grants a permanent Status (•••) among Painted Lady enthusiasts and art lovers, and a permanent Status (••) among other Chicago Kindred.