---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Milwaukee Null Zone
Requirements:
Source: Let the Streets Run Red
---
The “Null Zone” is a mystical dead zone centered on Marquette University and the surrounding area where magic simply ceases to function. This site was once the location of the final battle between the Lupine Usla and, Hrothulf’s Kindred wife, Chiclena and her allies. With his dying breath, Usla called upon the mighty spirits of his people, transforming parts of his very being into a pair of potent talismans, destroying Chiclena. Almost no one knows these talismans are buried under Marquette University, or that they are responsible for creating the “Null Zone.” Kindred, Lupines, and magi study the Zone with great vigor, but few outside the Lupines know its secret. LORE

• Legends of Usla: You know the legend of the battle between Usla and Chiclena and discern something extremely important to the Lupines is buried inside the “Null Zone.” You don’t know exactly where the item is buried, but you are on the hunt. Gain one bonus die to all Investigation and Occult rolls related to the “Null Zone.”

•• Into the Zone: You have access to the Milwaukee “Null Zone” and can linger there for brief periods without observation or being assailed by outside forces. Within the zone, all uses of Auspex have their difficulty reduced by one. Uses of Protean do not require Rouse checks, but you must spend one Willpower per scene to prevent transformative powers like Feral Weapons and Shapechange from activating automatically. All Blood Sorcery rolls require seven successes to succeed and its attendant rituals fail automatically. Failure on any of the above uses of Auspex, Protean, or Blood Sorcery delivers levels of Aggravated damage equal to their margin of failure. Total Failure delivers the same amount of damage in addition to leaving a mystical mark on your aura that acts as a powerful beacon to all Lupines in the area.

••• St. Joan of Arc Chapel: You discover that a powerful mage had the medieval St. Joan of Arc Chapel moved and reconstructed directly over the center of the “Null Zone” in the 1960s. While ultimately slain by Lupines, his legacy endures. The chapel is surrounded by extremely powerful wards against Lupines and the presence of the Joan of Arc Stone makes it almost unbearable to Kindred (the structure has the equivalent of True Faith 5). A secret staircase concealed under the stones behind the altar leads to a series of underground tunnels and excavations used by the mage to facilitate his investigation. The chapel is one of the primary reasons Kindred and Lupines have been unable to claim their prize, and it is warded by a variety of sorcerous and mundane protections. Any entrance to the chapel will be opposed by Lupines, magi, or agents of the Society of St. Leopold stationed on the Marquette campus.

•••• Church of Isis: Mount Mary College plays host to the Church of Isis, an occult society espousing radical feminist views composed of humans and magick users from the Cult of Isis. They are eager to recover Usla’s talismans and work with Kindred and Lupine alike to achieve their purpose. Formerly affiliated with Dr. Mortius prior to his disappearance, they seek new Kindred allies to further their quest. You forge an alliance with the Church of Isis, allowing you to call upon their aid once per Chronicle. They count as a five dot Ally group that can provide both mundane and sorcerous assistance.

••••• Usla’s Talismans (choose one): Eye of the Coyote: With Storyteller’s permission, you know where to find the Eye of the Coyote. You have the equivalent of five-dots of Auspex with all related abilities and the difficulty of all Blood Sorcery tests made against you are increased by four while the Eye is on your person. The Storyteller can grant the Eye additional abilities and you are hunted day and night by all Lupines until the Eye is recovered. The Eye is only usable once per story, but the lure attached to it is permanent. Talon of the Eagle: With Storyteller’s permission, you know the location of the Talon of the Eagle. All your physical Attributes are doubled (up to a maximum of five), and you have the equivalent of five dots of Protean with all related abilities while the Talon is on your person. The Storyteller can grant the Talon additional abilities, and you are hunted day and night by all Lupines until the Talon is recovered. The Talon is only usable once per story, but the lure attached to it is permanent.