---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Court of Shadows
Requirements:
Source: The Fall of London
---
The King of Shadows is a mysterious figure in London’s supernatural society. Variously described as a vampire, a criminal kingpin, a champion of the downtrodden, and a ghostly agent of retribution, few know the truth. The darkest and ugliest corners of London now belong to the King, and they suffer no insult, and brook no competition. While the King is not known to foster friendships, they have many agents and allies that serve them across the city, both on the street and below it. These agents can be found everywhere: near train and tube stations, on street corners and bus stops, outside all-night convenience stores, in hostels, under bridges, and in other more downtrodden places. Many mortals and Kindred alike are in the King’s debt, and those that are foolish enough to become their enemy are seldom seen for long. To be in the King’s favor is considered a blessing by many, and certainly not something to be scorned. There are many benefits to serving the King of Shadows. They always look out for their own, ensuring their agents are never hungry, and never want for a roof over their heads. The King also offers security and sanctuary – many of London’s organized crime syndicates are aware of their existence, but few would dare to cross them.

• Free Meals: The King of Shadows is aware their Kindred associates need to remain well-fed, and to this end they employ mortals across the city as willing vessels who can be made available to those in need. Once per game session you may approach the Court of Shadow for sustenance. The vessel will be willing, and of a random Resonance with no Dyscrasias. If you have any feeding restrictions, then the vessel is compatible with your predilections. 

•• Rumor Mill: The Court of Shadows encourages a lively trade of information and rumors. Once each game session you may approach the network to exchange useful information. The veracity and accuracy of the information given to you is left to the Storyteller’s discretion, but it should consider the value of the information that you trade in return. If you cannot pay in kind, then you may be asked to perform a service for the King instead. 

••• Contraband: The Court of Shadows is also a place where you can find illegal narcotics, weapons, explosives, and other contraband. Once per story you may approach the Court of Shadows for what you need. They will be willing to provide, but always at a price, which can be paid in hard currency, or with barter – either information or other goods of an equivalently high value. 

•••• Sanctuary: The Court has access to many buildings above ground across the city, and many structures below ground, all of which are claimed by the King as their domain. The King’s agents know many hiding places, located where few prying eyes would think to look. Once per story you may approach the Court of Shadow to request sanctuary. You will be blindfolded, and you will not know where you are taken, but you can be sure that you will be kept safe for as long a time as you need. 

••••• Favored by the King: You are one of the few Kindred in London who has ever been in the presence of the King of Shadows. For some reason they have taken an interest in you, and regularly correspond and meet with you. The King wears a mask and is still an enigmatic figure, but you know more about them than many others. Once per story you may call upon the King directly for aid. The manner and degree to which they respond is left to the Storyteller to determine, but it should materially serve your needs in some way. agents are never hungry, and never want for a roof over their heads. The King also offers security and sanctuary – many of London’s organized crime syndicates are aware of their existence, but few would dare to cross them.