---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Anubi
Requirements:
Source: Let the Streets Run Red
---
The Lupine attack on Chicago is a stark reminder of how vulnerable Kindred are to werewolf assault. The Princes of the Camarilla looked to Milwaukee, and its guardians the Anubi, for a solution. Led by Milwaukee’s Prince, Mark Decker, the Anubi are the Camarilla’s premier force of Lupine hunters. They are well organized, well equipped, and determined to repulse every Lupine incursion into the city. Other cities began emulating Milwaukee’s model with mixed results. Many coteries failed due to inexperience or left their posts when Clan Gangrel abandoned the Camarilla. Others overthrew their Princes or became the kingmakers of their domain. A few even sided with the Anarchs, defending the Baronies of the Free States and newly acquired Anarch cities. More successful Princes recruited Gangrel with greater loyalty to their city than to their clan, or built mixed-membership coteries by offering money, special privileges, hunting rights, or boons. Even the legendary Anubi had to offer grants of hunting grounds to young Kindred after many of their members abandoned Milwaukee in the face of Sabbat invasion. These newly formed coteries are as deadly as the Lupines they hunt. Some, like the Sun Devils of Phoenix or the all-Ventrue “Hunt Club” of Quebec, maintain the Anubi’s militant structure and battle Lupines nightly. Others, like “The Pack” of Vancouver or the mixed Lasombra/ Toreador “Order of Saint Sabastian” in Rio de Janeiro, wield diplomacy as effectively as silver to forge tentative (although not lasting) treaties with their local Lupines.  Argent Fury: Your connection to the Anubi or a similar organization provides access to hidden caches of silver weapons and/or those who manufacture them. Once per story, you can equip yourself with a silver hand-held weapon or ammunition of your choice.

•• What Big Eyes You Have: A Lupine must be located before it can be slain. Your organization has seeded your city with a web of informants, contacts, and surveillance devices to facilitate the hunt. Once per story, you gain two automatic successes on an Investigation roll related to locating Lupines within your domain.

••• Brick House: The hunter often becomes the hunted when Lupines are involved. You spend substantial resources outfitting your haven for just such occasions. You gain four points to spend on Haven and/ or Retainers relating to defense against Lupines.

•••• In the City, In the Woods (choose one): War Eternal: Your organization takes the fight to the Lupines. Your advanced knowledge of Lupine hunting grants you two bonus dice to all Firearms and Athletics rolls when fighting Lupines. Strange Bedfellows: Your organization seeks peace with Lupines, forging strained but (mostly) effective truces with the werewolves in your area. Gain two bonus dice to all Persuasion rolls when dealing with Lupines and a two-dot werewolf Ally reflecting your contact in the local Lupine community. Your Ally is unlikely to risk their life for you but will at least listen to your side of the story before the howling starts. Most Dangerous Game: Your nightly hunt grants you access to a quantity of Lupine blood that may reflect an unhealthy addiction to werewolf blood. Once per story, you can slake two Hunger via a sip of werewolf blood with all the attendant benefits and drawbacks (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 376).

••••• Summon the Pack: You are a formal member of the Anubi or a similar Lupine-hunting organization and can call on these Kindred for aid at a moment’s notice when Lupines are near. Situations not involving Lupines may require favor trading and/or boons, depending on your relationships with the individuals within the organization. Your membership grants you a temporary Mawla (•••) and four dots of Allies (Anubi Bikers), representing mortal bikers who follow the Anubi, who can be called on once per story when Lupines are involved.