---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Capone Gang
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
After Capone’s disappearance from Chicago, some of his lieutenants wanted to continue the great prosperity their gang saw in his mortal heyday. One lieutenant in particular, the Ventrue Eddie Wu, became a vampire not long after Capone and ran one of the only vampiric arms of the gangs in Chicago. Although during Lodin’s reign this was all very hush-hush, he feels he has no reason to hide and in fact is growing in power. The new gang he leads is called “The Capone Gang” and, while small, is influential amidst the criminal underground. The Capone Gang’s main imports are drugs from Thailand, Laos, and Myanmar, but they still employ cooks for Chicago-made meth. The gang operates out of the Green Mill, a jazz club that’s been around for over 100 years and was a famous Capone hangout. Since Capone has long since become a relic of Chicago’s past, it’s a surprisingly good cover, and too old-fashioned to be a gang hangout in modern times. There are two cemeteries nearby that act as exchange points among the undead gang and any human gangs or other vampires. Eddie Wu is well known for his ruthless “shoot first, ask questions later” attitude. His second in command and ghoul, Lily DeAngelis, is more balanced, looking to the long-term future of the gang instead of making violent snap judgments. She balances out Eddie’s temper, and is the real brains behind the operation. Eddie stays outside Chicago’s limits to avoid Prince Jackson’s notice, while Lily handles the night-to-night business. LORE

• A Favor for a Favor: The Capone Gang will do something for you if you do something for them. You know a gal that can get what you need done. Favors are in the realm of procuring drugs, weapons, information, or some other illegal thing. Gain Contacts: Capone Gang (•) and Allies: Capone Gang (•) for one use each per story.

•• In Debt: You’ve got a big ask of the Capone Gang. Maybe you need someone gone, or you have to launder some cash, or you’ve got a clean-up job they can handle. No problem. Now you’re in Eddie’s debt. Once per story you can utilize this to fix some sort of problem but in exchange, at some point in the story, Eddie’s going to call on you for a favor.

••• Just One Job: When you help the Capone Gang out with a heist, you get a cut of the profits. They often use another Kindred on these jobs, either as an enforcer, or just to utilize their supernatural abilities in tandem with the ghouls. They plan out the job, mapping the location for the robbery, taking into account security and surveillance, just leaving you to walk in, grab what’s good, and walk out again. Gain Resources (•••) from a successful completion of the job. Other characters could join in, but how much you decide to cut them in is entirely up to you.

•••• One of Us: It’s official, you’ve spent enough time with the gang to become a member. You can join in a “making” ceremony, where you swear an oath of loyalty to the other vampires in the Capone Gang and gain access to their stash. This gets you Resources (••) and Allies: Capone Gang (••), allowing you to hire some of the members to do work for you as well as some extra cash if needed — with Eddie Wu’s permission, of course. You get one additional die o Streetwise rolls concerning organized crime.

••••• Prodigal Child: Eddie Wu has put an incredible amount of faith in you, and sees you as a trusted lieutenant. You’re in on the organizational meetings, and can help influence big decisions on what the gang does next. Gain Contacts: Capone Gang (••••), Mawla: Eddie Wu (••), and Haven: Capone Gang Safehouse (••). Now you have to help build a lasting empire in Capone’s name. You gain access to all resources, people, and power this position can grant you within a gang, providing Prince Jackson doesn’t clamp down your operation. Should you ever put your own interests before that of the gang, you lose the above benefits, potentially gaining Eddie as an Enemy.