---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Labyrinth
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
In downtown Chicago there’s an abandoned “superstation” for the L that was built but never used, under Block 37. This leads to a series of tunnels that are in various stages of disrepair, since construction on them was halted. The series of connected stations and places they lead to is known colloquially among Kindred as “The Labyrinth.” There are various lairs and hideouts within the Labyrinth, but it’s a chaotic place that’s difficult for the Camarilla to police. It’s said there’s all manner of Kindred and other things down there, and sometimes when Kindred head down into the Labyrinth they never return. Others however, have come back with everything from useful knowledge to new allies LORE

• Tunnel Access: There are several tunnels one can travel through in the Labyrinth that exit to different levels of the city. A Kindred from the Labyrinth who knows the way has shown you which turns to take and markers to follow. If you follow that path, none in the Labyrinth will harm you, but if you stray from it you risk death or worse. This knowledge is useful when trying to escape a pursuing enemy or you need to hide for a night by taking your time in the tunnels.

•• Boxcar Blues: The stories told in the Labyrinth are strange and unusual tales of what its inhabitants have seen in their years of Chicago. For one reason or another the Kindred inhabitants of this place have decided to go underground, and because of that they have a unique form of spreading news through word of mouth. Well, through song. There are various folk songs they sing that have double meanings, or characters in them who represent certain political figures currently in power. You’ve been taught how to decipher these lyrics and discern important information from them. Gain free Skill Specialties in Performance (Folk Song) and Streetwise (Labyrinth Rumors).

••• Church: Once a month there’s a small club night hosted in one of the larger empty concrete rooms. The subterranean Kindred have kitted it out with lights, speakers, and bars. It’s called Church, ironically of course, and it pumps dungeon synth and witch house music until sunrise for its dancing night worshippers. There’s darker vampiric activity in some rooms adjacent to this open space, designed to confuse humans with altered states of consciousness who wander in and become meals. Nobody’s shut it down yet because the Kindred who run it are careful to cover their tracks. You know its location and are welcome to bring a plus one anytime.

•••• Lydia’s Lair: There’s an oracle named Lydia who lives amidst these abandoned train ruins. Her lair is decorated with beautiful silks and a collection of the bones of dead things she’s cultivated over the years. She’s a young-looking white woman with long black hair who wears simple jeans and a t-shirt. Lydia’s a Tremere, and blind, a condition that becoming Kindred didn’t solve for her. It’s possible she’s very old but she won’t reveal her exact age, and nobody understands how she utilizes Blood Sorcery to see such specific futures. If you bring her something to eat, she’ll read your palm, telling you one specific thing about the future. You’ve got access to her, since she won’t see just anyone, only those who are trusted by the subterranean vampire community. Lydia counts as a Mawla (••••).

••••• Hideout: The Kindred living here trust you enough to hold you over for a time if you’re looking to hide out from anyone. It’s a safe haven for outsider vampires, and no judgment is made. If crimes are committed against the community, however, you’re quick to be ousted. Gain Allies: Labyrinth