---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Convention of Chicago
Requirements:
Source: The Chicago Folios
---
The Convention of Chicago was the first large-scale gathering of the Camarilla in almost a century. Born of the fires of the Second Inquisition, the Convention gathered representatives of Princes and Primogen the world over to discuss the Camarilla’s path forward in its time of crisis. Publically, the Convention was a resounding success, a show of unity, and sterling example of everything the Camarilla has to offer. Privately, the Convention succeeded by the narrowest of margins. Intrigue between the delegates and interference by Anarchs nearly derailed the entire event, but swift action by the Archons and Anarch disunity saved the convention from an ignominious end. You attended the convention as a Chicago native or were a representative from afar. Camarilla, Anarch, or independent, you took this rare opportunity to gather information, make new allies, and further your schemes. Many profited from the convention, and you are not the least of them. LORE

• Rabble Rouser: Prince Jackson and his allies were extremely efficient at thwarting Anarch plots to disrupt the convention, except in your case. You managed to disrupt one of the convention’s important after parties, embarrassing the host, humiliating their security detail, and damaging the status of multiple Kindred. Success breeds success, and once per story, you can assemble a small group of fledgling Anarchs to your cause. They count as a three-dot Ally group that will perform one dangerous action for you once per story. They respect your rep, but will not sell their lives needlessly.

•• Convention Attendee: You attended the convention and participated in its formal sessions, working groups, and more importantly, after parties. You navigated this web of intrigue successfully and gain two-dots to distribute between Allies and Contacts in addition to being able to ask the Storyteller once per story for a piece of information related to the convention. This information can be part of the public record or a juicy behind the scenes detail (Storyteller’s discretion).

••• Troubleshooter: Conventions have a way of bringing out the rabble, and Chicago was no exception. You are an agent of Prince Jackson, the Archons, or some other group whose best interests were served by the convention’s success. You gain two-dots of Status among the Kindred of Chicago and a “get out of jail free” card from the Prince. Once per chronicle, you can use your service at the convention to have the authorities of your domain turn a blind eye toward a minor violation of the Traditions out of respect for services rendered.

•••• Formal Delegate: You were one of the formal delegates to the convention and successfully prosecuted the objectives of your patron Prince or Primogen. Your wild success grants you four-dots to distribute among Allies, Contacts, Retainers, and Resources related to the convention. You also have a standing invitation to Elysium events in Chicago or your home domain.

••••• Mover and Shaker: You played an active role in the Convention of Chicago’s success. Your rhetoric purchased many a vote during the formal sessions, and your whispers purchased many more during the after parties. These votes are a byproduct of your love affair with uncovering your fellow delegate’s secrets. You know who sleeps with who, which closets hide skeletons, and why the trunk of that BMW sounds like its moaning. You use this information and the power it provides to enlist the (grudging) aid of your betters. Once per story, you can collect a Major Boon from a convention attendee in your debt. Work with the Storyteller to determine the identity of the Kindred in question and nature of their aid.