---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Hunt Club
Requirements:
Source: The Fall of London
---
The organization known as the Hunt Club has been operating covertly in London since the end of the Second World War. Highly secretive in nature, the organization is dedicated to the pursuit of hunting Kindred for sport and is reputed to endorse the practice of diablerie. Members join using pseudonyms and disguises to protect their own reputations, and rumor has it that some are highly placed within Kindred society. The nominal leader of the Hunt Club is known simply as The Count, a title commonly believed to be a homage to Count Zaroff, a Russian vampire known to have hunted his peers in the mid- 20th Century, but who has not been seen for decades. The organization’s practices have evolved over the years into baroque and theatrical affairs, teasing and taunting victims, and using regalia and calling cards that recall mortal Britain’s long history of fox and game hunting. Before London’s fall, the Hunt Club was quick to join in the action each time Queen Anne declared a Blood Hunt, and the organization was unscrupulous at identifying its own targets for sport during quiet times. London and the United Kingdom have proven to be a rich hunting ground, populated by many reclusive and antiquated elders with poor defenses but rich vitae for the taking. In modern nights the organization must be wary of Operation Antigen, but some members argue that getting closer to these mortal hunters may be a way of finding new quarry for their sport.  

• Huntsman’s Newsletter: As a fledgling member of the Hunt Club, you are notified when important events occur, including when Blood Hunts are declared in the various Kindred domains in Avalon and in the cities of western Europe. You can expect to receive such a notice once per story, but exactly when this might happen is left to the discretion of the Storyteller. 

•• Experienced Diablerist: You have previously participated in a hunt, and in its culmination have committed the act of diablerie on another vampire. Due to your prior experience, you may add 1 die to your pool in all future Strength + Resolve tests when attempting the same act again in the future. This also means that the signs of diablerie may be visible in your aura, and you would be wise to avoid this being detected. 

••• Huntsman’s Dossier: The Hunt Club devotes significant resources to watching and researching elder vampires to assess their defenses and suitability as a target for sport. Not all these Kindred end up as victims, but the information gathered about their movements and nightly habits may still be interesting to other members. Once per story you may contact the organization to ask for information regarding the current whereabouts, or the favorite haunts, of a named Kindred that dwells in the local domain. 

•••• Huntsman’s Steed: You have acquired and adapted a modern vehicle to perfectly complement your hunting pursuits. The exact make and model are left to the Storyteller’s discretion, but it will be a plain-colored van or truck with blacked-out windows. The exterior will be subtly armor-plated, and the interior will be sound-proofed and reinforced with metal cage strong enough to contain an angry Kindred. The vehicle can be registered to your name, or one of your Masks. As with any vehicle, you should take care not to let it get stolen or impounded by the authorities. 

••••• Leader of the Hunt: Your good standing within the Hunt Club gives you the right to name any Kindred as the next quarry for the organization’s sport. Once per story you may circulate the name of your target, which will cause them to be taunted, harassed and attacked by members of the organization. This will prove to be a significant inconvenience and distraction, but whether they survive the assault is left to the discretion of the Storyteller.