---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Book of Nod
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
The Book of Nod collects oral histories, text fragments, and other media detailing the history of Caine and his childer, with additional poems and prophecies regarding Gehenna and the Final Nights. Its author — or authors — are unknown, though many Kindred believe Caine, Malkav, and Saulot contributed significant portions of the text. The stories and fragments have been carefully passed down through the generations; those who own physical pieces of the book take great pains to ensure they don’t end up in non-Cainite hands. The Book of Nod also provides the theological basis for the Sabbat’s worship of Caine. The first and largest section of the book, The Chronicle of Caine, recounts the tale of the first vampire, his childer, and the rise and rebellion of the Antediluvians. The Chronicle of Shadows lays out a series of laws attributed to Caine, though some Kindred doubt its veracity and view it as the work of Carthaginian scholars. The Chronicle of Secrets is the shortest and most enigmatic section. Its highly symbolic passages describe the author’s visions of Gehenna. Some Noddists have dedicated their entire unlives to attempting to interpret the predictions and apply them to their modern nights. Additionally, some scholars view the Erciyes Fragments as another version of Caine’s story, while others dismiss the Fragments as apocryphal and relegate mention of them to a footnote in their dissertations, if they’re acknowledged at all. The Book of Nod’s collectors, translators, and editors have introduced myriad inconsistencies and contradictions over the millennia, and no two scholarly analyses ever completely agree on its true content. Many among the Camarilla denounce the book and ban, confiscate, or destroy any related texts they discover their fledglings passing around. LORE

• Precis: You are familiar with the broader concepts of the Book of Nod and some of the more commonly known prophecies. Once per story, add two dice to an Academics or Occult roll related to ancient Cainite history.

•• Well-versed: Your sire or Mawla taught you certain passages from the book, and may even have physical fragments in their possession. Once per story, you may seek their input on a matter regarding Noddist lore, gaining a two-dice bonus to any Occult test related to the book.

••• Scholar: You’ve dedicated significant time and study to the Book of Nod, and are familiar with at least one complete version of the text. You can support your theories with quotes from that version and are aware of counterarguments or alternative interpretations. Once per session, add three dice to a Persuasion roll when debating the Book of Nod’s finer points.

•••• Collector: You own several fragments from the book or have memorized sections of Caine’s history. Noddists seek you out hoping to examine your copies or hear you recite the tales, and they’re willing to pay for it. This isn’t always a monetary trade; some offer favors, an exchange of information, or access to other resources your character finds valuable. Once per story, when you grant someone access to your collection, gain three temporary dots in Resources (or other appropriate Background as approved by your Storyteller) for the remainder of the story, or the ability to call in a future favor from the Noddist.

••••• Noddist Master: Other Noddists look to you for insight and interpretation on the texts, and your theses on the subject are regarded as must-reads. You have exchanged correspondence with Noddist experts on finer points of lore. Once per story, you may derive a fact or prophecy from the Book of Nod that your character can apply to sway a decision, automatically succeeding at a Persuasion test at the Storyteller’s discretion.