---
LoresheetID: 
Name: The Cult of Shalim
Requirements:
Source: Chicago By Night
---
Shalim is the name of the Canaanite god of dusk and night. This name was passed down to the city of Jerusalem and possibly to King Solomon. To the Lasombra in the modern nights it has a different meaning altogether. Shalim is a name spoken of in hushed tones by those who have returned from the Gehenna Crusade unharmed. Some celebrate it quietly, others speak it with fear. It is a name that has driven the awakened members of the clan to seek sanctuary in the arms of their once enemy, the Camarilla. It is their beginning and, some fear, their end. In truth, adherents to this mad religion seek nothing less than total annihilation, not of a clan or a sect, not of a nation, but of the entirety of reality itself. The twisted philosophy of the group comes from the simple fact that all pain, all suffering, all hate and injustice exists only in what we call “reality.” Heaven, Nirvana, Jannah, Shamayim, all afterlives promise a place where there are no more tears, no more pain, no more sadness. Only in the absence of existence can this be achieved. In the absence of self, all are one, all are equal. In the absence of reality, we become part of the infinite nothingness, we return to Shalim. For this reason, the cult’s members often speak the phrase “Shalim is” to the initiated, since they believe that nothingness is the ultimate reality and the end of all things, embodied in their dark master. In their minds, nothingness is indestructible, has always existed, and will always exist. Thus, Shalim is the only true infinite, the only true immortal. Shalim is beyond existence. Shalim, simply, is. LORE

• Dark Whispers: You have heard rumors of the cult from those returning from the Gehenna Crusade. Once per story, you gain an additional two dice to either Insight or Investigation to look into the myths of the cult or to identify if someone is a member.

•• Cult Initiate: As an initiate into the cult’s mysteries, you are aware of the significance of the Semitic phrase “Shin- Lamedh-Mem” as the identifier of other members. You can speak this phrase to an initiated member to immediately gain two dice on any Persuasion roll to gain their assistance. Speaking it to the uninitiated may not only result in their confusion but may expose you to a savvy Lasombra as a member of the doomsday cult.

••• Power of Faith: The cult’s reach extends deepest into the religious community. When they speak of heaven, a place where suffering, sadness, and misery do not exist, you know this can only be found in the bliss of nothingness. In the peace of any church or temple, your zeal allows you to ignore the negative effects of Impairment.

•••• Crush the Dreams of Life: Shalim’s teachings say the dreams and ambitions of the flesh must be cast off to achieve perfection. All are equal under its gaze and so all must witness the path to the glorious dark of emptiness through the felling of their conceited ambition. When you succeed on an Insight roll against any character, the Storyteller reveals to you their foremost ambition in addition to the information sought by the roll. Armed with this knowledge, you may now reroll any dice in a failed Persuasion roll per scene against them as you turn their desires to your advantage. Furthermore, you may choose to roll Manipulation + Persuasion against the difficulty of the target’s Composure + Insight. If you succeed, you crush their hopes and dreams, plunging them into despair and inaction for the remainder of the story in the form of one Aggravated Willpower damage. A total failure exposes your ruse and turns them against you.

••••• Shalim Is: You are a true servant of Shalim. Your zeal and faith in the coming end know no bounds and you are certain that the Abyss has chosen you to enact its purpose. Your position in the cult gives you access to the Herd background (••) for your followers as well as Influence (•••) in the religious community of your choice from the cult’s many contacts in those circles. You gain the Dark Secret Flaw (•) when taking this loresheet. You also automatically pass any Composure- based roll to hide your position as a member of the cult.